what's up guys goodness there bring you
another squad builder and today their
squad will set you back roughly around
250 k of your ultimate team coins and if
you are searching for those coins so go
check out fifa coins by comm link will
be in the description below for all your
point needs so this squad will be a
mixture of BPO players and also has one
mls player thrown into the mix and also
incorporates free of this week's current
team of the week just for good measure
so let's start off with the goalkeeper
and we have ourselves better check there
for me the best goalkeeper in the VP of
this year on fut that is why we see six
or five which is great and des it save
star you know aunt you just need to
inform but right now he's still the best
that there is to offer there and they
still going quite expensive as well
which is pretty good so move to the
right back now and we have ourselves
Micah Richards I know a lot of you will
like Walker but I like you know you
don't have to ask Michael Richards be
even lift you know that this guy can
lift it's an absolute monster and you
know what when I was playing these games
actually scored be a fantastic goal
which the rarity is the only goal I
scored oven but you know what he can
contribute there as well if you want and
you just believe like wingers out away
for days so that is why I like him we
come to the first center back now and we
have ourselves Vincent Kompany there no
nice partner there for me one of the
best if not the best center back in the
VPO nice and tall at six foot four unit
medium medium work rate nice pace as
well decent paste quality heading and
defendant also you know yet the shadow
chemistry straight to mark I do and it
gives them pace boosters by the
defendant boost and doesn't even really
need it but still it's always nice to
offer it to him so we move now to the
first of this week's informs and that is
informed on she only recently had an
upgrade and now he's boosted it up with
and inform you know I noticed it upgrade
their you know nice little boost on the
pace defending and heading as well which
is what you want again I've added the
anchor countryside to him that's just
given boosting his pasty bending and his
head in as well and it was just a solid
play he plays very well next to
companies all which is why I like now I
moved the left back and I opted for
Ashley Cole I had a choice of the usual
cliche or Gibbs but I preferred Ashley
Cole I like a ghost
more all rounded in terms of his overall
stats as well and that comes from being
85 rated now higher technical reading
defense work great for me didn't get
caught out of position was decent know
and you know just solid defensively and
just performed when I want them to so
now we move to the first of the
midfielders and that is another one of
this week's theme of the week and that
is informed Steven Gerrard there hi I
work rates freestyle we fit and skill
moves but look at that his paces isn't
the quickest but 87 shoots in 88 arson
Wow for a center midfielder you know you
can even talk of him and pushing even up
as far as sent for he'd do a job easily
at center mid or camp he wasn't forward
with that shooting and that passing wow
he could destroy four days to send his
pace don't let him down a little bit but
you know for me he was fantastic and I
acted seemed doing a great job elsewhere
but I was playing him in the Senate
defensive role so he was just spraying
things around it was really contributing
in terms of goalscoring but I know he
can do that job he has a fantastic shot
on him to move now for me probably the
best right midfielder in the BBL right
now in terms of its overall performance
just solid performer five-star skill
moves for star week with perfect work
rates as well decent pace fantastic shot
just can't say enough about this guy it
would be awesome if you had an in-form
but it just contributes very well on the
right side there so now we move the left
midfielder and not quite as good as many
nights a compatriot there who we just
had a look at but still great pace great
dribbling you know and can still
contribute when you want to heal still
put you know four-star skills as well
he'll still put like you know for backs
now give them a tour time eight then run
back towards their goals and also
stretch the play which is what you want
and contribute assists as well six
assists in eight games is pretty
impressive so we come to the cam out of
gum fort wayne rooney there oh my days
the DC is go at the weekend 58 yards
apparently it was or just inside then
half maybe about 48 meters or I there no
I'm not great and converting jars of me
is anyway but you know it's a bloody
long way out that is what I'll say about
that fantastic day he's guaranteed
pretty much antes nailed on put a team
of the week next week to expect you
inform Rooney's get your free four
points ready to go get hold of it and
for me is this position is camp not good
a strike or sent forward base does a
great job for me at camp and I finish
due to the pace it just seems a little
sluggish sometimes but a poor start with
that's fantastic they got me five goals
and praise
from camp which can't complain in eight
games so we move to the right side of
striker and we have ourselves Daniel
Sturridge there he needed to be English
to give this the other air perfect
chemistry medium attack my great low
difference where it didn't impact at all
great pace no decent dribbling decent
shooting better than the 78 would
suggest you know look at that and
contributed the assist as well
surprisingly but its causes paste
stretches to play so much and the six
goals six assists in eight games and I
can't complain just absolute monster and
then we have to move there now across to
the mls for the last player and so let's
see how it works so who we're gonna
happen sure you know who it is anyway
and as we get there we have ourselves in
form jermain defoe an absolute
revelation for me you know exceeded my
expectations I didn't expect that much
of him but you know what you did a
fantastic job for me I've seen if you
haven't seen if you take a look at it
see what a more detailed look of what I
fought about him but 17 goals in eight
games and success everything just went
through him you is just a natural warm
finish that is why I wanted giving the
hunter chemistry style as well which is
fantastic safe there you go guys that's
a squad will say but roughly about 250
kb ultimate team coins prices always do
fluctuate little bit especially you know
one pedestal in the team of the week and
their prices make up when they're no
longer in the team of the week so that's
it guys there's the squad they will get
perfect chemistry let me know what you
for drop a comment below like comment
and also enjoy the goals
look cuz the hands
then you get it
Oh
you
gonna be jumping
because the head is
thank you beauty
you gotta be cool
Oh
you